AI.md, before:

# AI

See [[README]].

# Coding Standards

## Favor a functional style

OOP should be avoided.

Focus on creating clearly defined, composable data structures, with small tightly focused functions that act on the data structures.

Avoid mutation. Avoid using `let`.

## Commenting

Do not intersperse comments throughout the code. Simply write code that is clearly understood. The user is an experienced programmer and doesn't need much explanation.

## TypeScript

Avoid using `any` at all costs. If it's absolutely necessary, this is a case where a comment is NECESSARY to call it out.

Imports should not contain the file extension.

When creating a utils file, the name should be prefixed with the name of the sketch or system the utils are for. For example a `foo.ts` sketch would have a `foo.utils.ts` utils file.

## Code Formatting

Place line breaks between significant parts of the code.

### Bad

```
function copyDir(source: string, target: string) {
  if (!fs.existsSync(target)) {
    fs.mkdirSync(target, { recursive: true });
  }
  const items = fs.readdirSync(source);
  items.forEach((item) => {
    if (EXCLUDED_FILES.includes(item)) {
      return;
    }
    const sourcePath = path.join(source, item);
    const targetPath = utils.createTargetPath(item, target, sourceName, targetName);
    const stats = fs.statSync(sourcePath);
    if (stats.isDirectory()) {
      copyDir(sourcePath, targetPath);
    } else if (stats.isFile()) {
      fs.copyFileSync(sourcePath, targetPath);
      const baseName = path.basename(targetPath);
      const extName = path.extname(targetPath);
      if (baseName === 'package.json') {
        utils.setPackageName(targetPath, targetName);
      } else if (extName === '.html') {
        utils.replaceHtmlTitle(targetPath, targetName);
        utils.replaceContentInFile(targetPath, sourceName, targetName);
      } else if (utils.isTextFile(targetPath)) {
        utils.replaceContentInFile(targetPath, sourceName, targetName);
      }
    }
  });
}
```

### Good

```
function copyDir(source: string, target: string) {
  if (!fs.existsSync(target)) {
    fs.mkdirSync(target, { recursive: true });
  }

  const items = fs.readdirSync(source);

  items.forEach((item) => {
    if (EXCLUDED_FILES.includes(item)) {
      return;
    }

    const sourcePath = path.join(source, item);
    const targetPath = utils.createTargetPath(item, target, sourceName, targetName);
    const stats = fs.statSync(sourcePath);

    if (stats.isDirectory()) {
      copyDir(sourcePath, targetPath);
    } else if (stats.isFile()) {
      fs.copyFileSync(sourcePath, targetPath);

      const baseName = path.basename(targetPath);
      const extName = path.extname(targetPath);

      if (baseName === 'package.json') {
        utils.setPackageName(targetPath, targetName);
      } else if (extName === '.html') {
        utils.replaceHtmlTitle(targetPath, targetName);
        utils.replaceContentInFile(targetPath, sourceName, targetName);
      } else if (utils.isTextFile(targetPath)) {
        utils.replaceContentInFile(targetPath, sourceName, targetName);
      }
    }
  });
}
```

Always place a linebreak before a return statement.

Commit message:

rename utils file and tighten up

AI.md, after:

# AI

See [[README]].

# Coding Standards

## Favor a functional style

OOP should be avoided.

Focus on creating clearly defined, composable data structures, with small tightly focused functions that act on the data structures.

Avoid mutation. Avoid using `let`.

## Commenting

Do not intersperse comments throughout the code. Simply write code that is clearly understood. The user is an experienced programmer and doesn't need much explanation.

## TypeScript

Avoid using `any` at all costs. If it's absolutely necessary, this is a case where a comment is NECESSARY to call it out.

Imports should not contain the file extension.

Sketch files should be focused on setup and the main render process. Utility functions should be put in a utils file.

When creating a utils file, the name should be prefixed with the name of the sketch or system the utils are for. For example a `foo.ts` sketch would have a `foo.utils.ts` utils file.

## Code Formatting

Place line breaks between significant parts of the code.

### Bad

```
function copyDir(source: string, target: string) {
  if (!fs.existsSync(target)) {
    fs.mkdirSync(target, { recursive: true });
  }
  const items = fs.readdirSync(source);
  items.forEach((item) => {
    if (EXCLUDED_FILES.includes(item)) {
      return;
    }
    const sourcePath = path.join(source, item);
    const targetPath = utils.createTargetPath(item, target, sourceName, targetName);
    const stats = fs.statSync(sourcePath);
    if (stats.isDirectory()) {
      copyDir(sourcePath, targetPath);
    } else if (stats.isFile()) {
      fs.copyFileSync(sourcePath, targetPath);
      const baseName = path.basename(targetPath);
      const extName = path.extname(targetPath);
      if (baseName === 'package.json') {
        utils.setPackageName(targetPath, targetName);
      } else if (extName === '.html') {
        utils.replaceHtmlTitle(targetPath, targetName);
        utils.replaceContentInFile(targetPath, sourceName, targetName);
      } else if (utils.isTextFile(targetPath)) {
        utils.replaceContentInFile(targetPath, sourceName, targetName);
      }
    }
  });
}
```

### Good

```
function copyDir(source: string, target: string) {
  if (!fs.existsSync(target)) {
    fs.mkdirSync(target, { recursive: true });
  }

  const items = fs.readdirSync(source);

  items.forEach((item) => {
    if (EXCLUDED_FILES.includes(item)) {
      return;
    }

    const sourcePath = path.join(source, item);
    const targetPath = utils.createTargetPath(item, target, sourceName, targetName);
    const stats = fs.statSync(sourcePath);

    if (stats.isDirectory()) {
      copyDir(sourcePath, targetPath);
    } else if (stats.isFile()) {
      fs.copyFileSync(sourcePath, targetPath);

      const baseName = path.basename(targetPath);
      const extName = path.extname(targetPath);

      if (baseName === 'package.json') {
        utils.setPackageName(targetPath, targetName);
      } else if (extName === '.html') {
        utils.replaceHtmlTitle(targetPath, targetName);
        utils.replaceContentInFile(targetPath, sourceName, targetName);
      } else if (utils.isTextFile(targetPath)) {
        utils.replaceContentInFile(targetPath, sourceName, targetName);
      }
    }
  });
}
```

Always place a linebreak before a return statement.
